[DOCS] Adds What's New for 7.14 (#106484)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/whats-new.asciidoc

handle arrays in retrieved data. If the data for the SQL expression includes an array,
the first entry of the array is returned in the result set.

In addition, the SQL expression function now supports passing parameters into the query,
making it easier to pass in variable values to your SQL queries on your workpad.

[role="screenshot"]
image::user/images/new-canvas.png[Canvas Elasticsearch SQL expression function]

[float]
[[ml-7-14]]

=== Machine learning&mdash;maps,delayed data, & more

[float]
==== Choropleth maps for anomalies

Choropleth maps are now available in the *Anomaly Explorer* and the *Data Visualizer*
for fields such as country and region codes, zip codes, and states. The integration
relies on a new service provided by the *Maps* plugin, which automatically
identifies fields that store location data based on sample values or
contextual knowledge about the data.
For example, for jobs with region ISO code partitioning or influencer fields,
a map showing the count of anomalies by location is displayed in the *Anomaly Explorer* .

[role="screenshot"]
image::user/images/new-ml-choropleth-map.png[Canvas Elasticsearch SQL expression function]

> 

Reviewer: Is it okay to add more doc links in here? 
```suggestion

For more details, see {ml-docs}/mapping-anomalies.html[Mapping anomalies by location].
```

In addition, the SQL expression function now supports passing parameters into the query,
making it easier to pass in variable values to your SQL queries on your workpad.

[role="screenshot"]
image::user/images/new-canvas.png[Canvas Elasticsearch SQL expression function]

[float]
[[ml-7-14]]

=== Machine learning&mdash;maps,delayed data, & more

[float]
==== Choropleth maps for anomalies

Choropleth maps are now available in the *Anomaly Explorer* and the *Data Visualizer*
for fields such as country and region codes, zip codes, and states. The integration
relies on a new service provided by the *Maps* plugin, which automatically
identifies fields that store location data based on sample values or
contextual knowledge about the data.
For example, for jobs with region ISO code partitioning or influencer fields,
a map showing the count of anomalies by location is displayed in the *Anomaly Explorer* .

[role="screenshot"]
image::user/images/new-ml-choropleth-map.png[Canvas Elasticsearch SQL expression function]

For more details, see {ml-docs}/mapping-anomalies.html[Mapping anomalies by location].
[float]
==== Delayed data visualization for anomaly detection

> Delayed data are documents that are indexed after the datafeed

Reviewer: There's additional docs for this one too. Can we add a "for more information" on this one too? Or else link it here:

```suggestion
{ml-docs}/ml-delayed-data-detection.html[Delayed data] are documents that are indexed after the {dfeed}
```
